Fix status routes (#6)
mia-platform/custom-plugin-java-springboot: README.md

[custom-plugin-java](https://github.com/mia-platform/custom-plugin-java).

## Usage
### Route controllers
In order to handle HTTP requests, you have to create a class that extends `CPController`.
``` java
    public class HelloWorldController extends CPController {
        // Endpoints defined here
    }

```
### Status routes

> In order to make status routes available, **only** your root mapped controller has to extend `CPStatusController`.

Reviewer: I would not say its the RootController, shouldn't it extend CPController?

I'd say that **only** one controller has to extend CPStatusController

```suggestion
In order to make status routes available you can extend `CPStatusController`, please note that **only** one controller has to extend this class, otherwise Springboot will throw a runtime error due to double route registration.

Since `CPStatusController` extends `CPController` we suggest to extend this in your main controller and then extend `CPController` in other controllers.
```
